OSDOCS-2977: Updated the descriptions for interactive creation mode. (#40017)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-interactive-mode-reference.adoc

|`Install into an existing VPC`
|Install a cluster into an existing AWS VPC. To use this option, your VPC must have 2 subnets for each availability zone that you are installing the cluster into. The default is `No`.

|`Enable customer managed key`
|Enable this option to use the AWS Key Management Service (KMS) to help securely manage keys for encrypted data. The keys are used for control plane data volumes that are encrypted by default. Persistent volumes (PVs) for customer applications also use AWS KMS for key management. When enabled, the account KMS key for the region is used by default. The default is `No`.

|`Compute nodes instance type`
|Select a compute node instance type. The default is `m5.xlarge`.

|`Enable autoscaling`
|Enable compute node autoscaling. The autoscaler adjusts the size of the cluster to meet your deployment demands. The default is `No`.

|`Compute nodes`
|Specify the number of compute nodes to provision into each availability zone. Clusters deployed in a single availability zone require at least 2 nodes. Clusters deployed in multiple zones must have at least 3 nodes. The default is `2`.

|`Machine CIDR`

> |Specify the IP address range for machines (cluster nodes), which must encompass all CIDR address ranges for your VPC subnets. Subnets must be contiguous. A minimum IP address range of 128 addresses, using the subnet prefix `/25`, is supported for single availability zone deployments. A minimum address range of 256 addresses, using the subnet prefix `/24`, is supported for deployments that use multiple availability zones. The default is `10.0.0.0/16`. This range must not conflict with any connected networks.

Reviewer: ISG would like to avoid parentheses where possible. One of their suggestions, and one I resort to often, is replacing with commas, such as:
```suggestion
|Specify the IP address range for machines, or cluster nodes, which must encompass all CIDR address ranges for your VPC subnets. Subnets must be contiguous. A minimum IP address range of 128 addresses, using the subnet prefix `/25`, is supported for single availability zone deployments. A minimum address range of 256 addresses, using the subnet prefix `/24`, is supported for deployments that use multiple availability zones. The default is `10.0.0.0/16`. This range must not conflict with any connected networks.
```
Up to you because in this case, the commas might be too ambiguous. You might also try "machines, also known as cluster nodes" but that's wordy. 🤷

|`Service CIDR`
|Specify the IP address range for services. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `172.30.0.0/16`. It is recommended that they are the same between clusters.

|`Pod CIDR`
|Specify the IP address range for pods. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `10.128.0.0/14`. It is recommended that they are the same between clusters.

|`Host prefix`

> |Specify the subnet prefix length assigned to pods scheduled to individual machines. The host prefix determines the pod IP address pool for each machine. For example, if the host prefix is set to `/23`, each machine is assigned a `/23` subnet from the pod CIDR address range. The default is `/23`, allowing 512 cluster nodes and 512 pods per node, both of which are beyond our maximum supported maximums.

Reviewer 2: I noticed we said "maximum" twice in the last three words.  Can we do two things here:
1. remove the first "maximum". So that it reads "...both of which are beyond our supported maximums".
2. Can we link "supported maximums" to https://docs.openshift.com/rosa/rosa_planning/rosa-limits-scalability.html#tested-cluster-maximums_rosa-limits-scalability?

Author: @0kashi - I updated the text, removing the first "maximum" and I added the link to the additional resources since we cannot link directly from a module to a module.

Do these changes work for you? Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the update.  Since we cannot link from module to module, can we at least add to the end something like "See additional resources below" in parentheses?  So that a customer can know there is a link in the addition resources.

> |Specify the subnet prefix length assigned to pods scheduled to individual machines. The host prefix determines the pod IP address pool for each machine. For example, if the host prefix is set to `/23`, each machine is assigned a `/23` subnet from the pod CIDR address range. The default is `/23`, allowing 512 cluster nodes and 512 pods per node, both of which are beyond our supported maximums. For information on the supported maximums, see the Additional Resources section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specify the subnet prefix length assigned to pods scheduled to individual machines. The host prefix determines the pod IP address pool for each machine. For example, if the host prefix is set to `/23`, each machine is assigned a `/23` subnet from the pod CIDR address range. The default is `/23`, allowing 512 cluster nodes and 512 pods per node, both of which are beyond Red Hat-supported maximums. For information on the supported maximums, see the following "Additional Resources" section.
```
- ISG suggests avoiding "we" and "our" to reduce ambiguity.
- In lieu of xrefs in modules, we generally wrap section titles in double quotes.
- ISG would like to avoid directional words such as "below" for localization and accessibility clarity.
